Create README.md (#167)
datarobot-community/ai-accelerators: generative_ai/rssfeed/README.md

# Create article summaries from RSS feeds

> This AI accelerator is no longer usable, as Google Bison has been retired.

Reviewer: Maybe like: This accelerator has been removed because the LLM it is based on, Google Bison, has been retired.

Author: I can open a follow-up PR to remove the notebook. And add a deprecation notice to the page in our docs

Author: ```suggestion
This accelerator has been removed because the LLM it is based on, Google Bison, has been retired.
```
